- [Ketkee] Thank you very much for joining me
on my Spring MVC course.
Now that you have got a good start
with the fundamentals of Spring MVC,
you can explore and start migrating
your legacy applications to this framework.
We have developed GSPs as a part of this course,
but you can also look at options of integrating
with other view technologies like Thymeleaf
because it's got a solid integration
with the framework already.
It will also be easier to understand
any other web MVC frameworks that you may wish to work with.
Additionally, you can look up the Spring MVC documentation,
look up on Github for many interesting projects on Spring,
and also post your questions on Stack Overflow
to get some easy answers.